May 27
This weekend we made the github repo and we came up with our projet idea. 
We made an outline of the classes we will be writing and  the methods in it.
After making the outline, we started working on the classes.

May 28
Today we began writing the Board and Character classes
    Character will have subclasses of: Player, and ComputerPlayer
        Sisi wrote the several methods in the character, such as move and roll.
        Ivette started working on the Player subclass and wrote the method buyProperties.
    Board will mostly be a cirully liked list of the locations on the board
        the nodes of which are modified singlly liked lists
    Some sort of driver function will also be needed to connect all the classes together.

May 29
Today we continued working on the Character and Player class. We also started a Driver class.
    At first, we looked over what each of us did.
    In the Character class, we added the much necessary accesor and mutator methods.
    In the Player class, we modified the buyProperty method and added a askBuy method.
We also tried to learn how to use github.    

May 30
    This weekend we finally got around to testing stuff (both getting rid of the many little errors 
    to get it to compile, and getting the very basics to do what it's supposed to.

June 2
	Today we finnished learning how to use github

June 2
     Today started to make cards, adn decks for the chance/comunity chest piles in the game, 
     and we began to add additional spaces on the board(non properties) and we added the ability 
     to buy houses on a property you own. At this point the game runs really basiclly but not all the new 
     features we began have been integrated, also these is no end game condition yet

June 11
	oops i haven't edited this in a while. But anyway We've incorporated simple cards(adding/subtacting money)
	and working on ones that move you to a new spot on the board. We've also started computer player. and we
	added locations on the board other than just properties.

June 12
	now the game know if you have a full set of colored properties to double the rent and know if you can buy house
	cards can make you move to a new location(no paying other players or jail related stuff yet)
	
June 13
	continued to work on comuterPlayer. Also, working on driver to incorporate computer players and have player
	choose number of players(computer and human). added in free parking instead of jail because jail seems really
	difficult to keep track of and with a smaller board too common
	
June 14
	We had a slight problem with computer player but it was fixed within no time. 
	We started working on the “visual” aspect of the game adding necessary \n to lines 
	to make it less confusing. Compared to the normal game, are version seems to be faster. 
	We're not sure if we should add delay signs or not. We realized, after playing the beta, 
	that the game starts of on the higher side of monopoly rather than the lower side. 
	It's cool like that. So we might leave it like that.
June 15
	Last Day!!!
	(We changed it back to start on the lower side)
	earlier we forgot to add passing go so that was added
	more error checking, and print lines added to say what’s going on
